0	0	One ill-conceived text message ended my relationship with my long distance girlfriend.
0	1	I sent Jane an insensitive text after she told me she was just in the hospital after her Ex had punched her in the face many times.
1	0	I've been done with dating sites ever since this nightmare of an evening a girl who forced me into meeting her mother before we went on our first date.
1	1	I met a girl from a dating site, and she turned out to be so crazy that I cancelled our date for that evening.
2	0	A person who found a wallet says they will only return the wallet on their own terms, on their own time, when the owner acts thankful enough.
2	1	I found your wallet, and I will only return your wallet when it is convenient for me and when you can be appreciative and polite.
3	0	When I was a child, I offended my new classmates at school by calling them the n word without realizing how offensive it was.
3	1	On my first day at a new school, I announced that I couldn't believe how many ''niggers'' the school had, because I had never been taught that that was a bad word.
4	0	On our second date, a woman asked me how serious our relationship was given that she wanted to have a family immediately. When I didn't respond, she started screaming and stormed out of the restaurant.
4	1	I saw a book in Best Buy that hadn't even been released yet.
5	0	I accidentally jizzed on a guy's face.
5	1	I lost my virginity in my friend's parent's bedroom. I didn't realize that they were in the same bed sleeping until after I ejaculated on my friend's father's face.
6	0	This one friend never gave back the 360 and netbook I let him borrow, so now I have a hard time doing good deeds for other people.
6	1	I lent my friend my netbook and xbox 360 and he broke the netbook and claimed the 360 was stolen. He only ever gave me 100 bucks for the broken netbook.
6	2	I loaned a friend a few pieces of expensive technology, and none of the items were returned to me.
6	3	I tried to help my friend by letting him borrow my netbook and my 360,  but he took advantage of me.
7	0	When I was donating to some Buddhist monks my spare key fell out of my wallet.
7	1	Once I accidentally lost my key because I opened my wallet to donate money to some Buddhist monks.
8	0	After this guy raped my friend, I followed him into the woods and beat him up and sodomized him with a baton.
8	1	I beat up and tortured this guy who brutally raped my friend.
9	0	I used someone's robe sleeves to wipe my ass.
9	1	At a college party I pooped in the tank of a toilet and wiped with a bathrobe hanging on the door.
10	0	I found a cell phone and called the owner, whose mom picked up and thought I stole it.
10	1	I attempted to return a lost cell phone which I had found. I called the ''home'' contact, and got torn apart by the owner's mom who thought I had stolen the phone.
11	0	A hunter found an empty house to sleep in in the middle of the night, and was accosted by reflections of his own face in the windows.
11	1	A hunter awoke in an unfamiliar cabin to discover that what had appeared to be portraits the night before, were actually windows.
12	0	In first grade I was called on during an assembly, answered the question incorrectly, was dragged onto the stage to dance, and then ran off stage and to my house.
12	1	In first grade I danced in front of everyone at a school assembly, and became so embarrassed that I ran out of the gym and all the way home.
13	0	I put my feces in a Pringles can to avoid clogging the toilet, and my unsuspecting co-worker plunged her hand into the can for a chip.
13	1	I took a shit that couldn't flush down the toilet, so I put it in a Pringles can. Then a co-worker stuck her hand in the can thinking it had Pringles.
14	0	I went to a date with a guy who got drunk and licked my ear.
14	1	I went on a date with a creepy guy who licked my ear and followed me to my train. He still comes by my office and I have to sneak off and hide.
15	0	A seemingly normal guy in my town turned out to be the one breaking in to people's houses while on tons of drugs.
15	1	My best friend's neighbor would break into houses and stand over people as they slept. I even talked about it with him, and he acted like he had nothing to do with it.
16	0	A dean came into my Spanish class and accused me of skipping gym class, when I had had neck surgery the previous summer and had been excused from gym, and I had a neck brace on the entire conversation.
16	1	In high school, the dean accused me of ditching gym class despite the fact that I was wearing a halo neck brace.
17	0	I stopped on the side of the road to investigate a car pulled over with the passenger slumped forward on the dash. A truck came by and when moved to go around the truck the car disappeared, even though there was a massive tree down on the road and he wouldn't have had anywhere to go.
17	1	A car I checked out for odd activity mysteriously disappeared before I had the chance to fully investigate.
18	0	I have been caught masturbating by my mother twice.
18	1	My caught me masturbating twice.
19	0	While in a movie theater I held all my farts in and saved them for a mega fart during a quiet part, and then I sharted my pants.
19	1	I soiled my underwear and it leaked through my underwear to the outside of my shorts.
20	0	After I told my dad about this guy who was measuring his shit in a truck stuck bathroom, I was never allowed to go alone in those places ever again.
20	1	I stopped in a truck stop bathroom and a trucker was holding a shit in his hands and then he measured it.
21	0	My vibrator saved me from going to jail.
21	1	A cop searching my tent where I had weed and acid, but when he came across my vibrator he got awkward and moved quickly onto the next tent without finding the drugs.
22	0	My ex-girlfriend told the police that I beat and raped her, and they showed up at my door. She eventually admitted to lying.
22	1	My ex-girlfriend accused me of beating, raping, and torturing her so that no one else could ''have'' me after we broke up.
23	0	I would have figured out that you were guilty.
23	1	Laughter doesn't equal guilt.
24	0	My friends and I discovered a chilling porcelain doll on a bed in a creepy abandoned house.
24	1	My friends and I broke into an abandoned farmhouse and among a bunch of creepy things we found a life-sized porcelain doll set up in the bed.
25	0	I learned about an adopted half brother five years ago, but I'm not bothered by the fact that we've never met or been in touch.
25	1	I have an adopted half brother who hasn't ever gotten in touch with me.
26	0	We got revenge on a woman who would eat other people's food without their consent by offering her lots of food until her weight ballooned to unhealthy proportions.
26	1	I had a coworker who would steal food so we all over feed her so she got obese.
27	0	I went on a date with a sketchy guy who tried to have sex with me at a park, made me pay for his food, and then stole my DS Lit.e
27	1	I went on a crazy date with a strange guy who made me drive and pay for everything.
28	0	I laid a pretty big steamer in the family cat's litter box.
28	1	I was behind our ''kitty's big poop'' but no one knows.
29	0	While investigating a suicide, the victim's putrid corpse fell on top of me.
29	1	I was cutting down a rotting, hanging body when I slipped and the dead body fell on me and burst open all over me.
29	2	A rotting corpse fell on me.
29	3	The entire rotting, bloated body landed on me and burst open from the stomach.
30	0	My ex-boyfriend likely killed my kitten out of jealousy.
30	1	My crazy ex-boyfriend killed my kitten.
31	0	I found a purse with an iPhone and returned the items to the hotel where the owner had stayed. Then the man she was with  sent me an angry email claiming the hotel had never received it.
31	1	I went out of my way to return a tourist woman's purse, cash, and iPhone, and it turns out the guy she was having an affair with was more concerned with his secret getting out than with thanking me for returning the stuff.
32	0	Airline security confiscated my eye-glass cleaner but overlooked my matches, which I had forgotten in my backpack.
32	1	Once on a trip my tiny spray bottle of eye-glass cleaner was confiscated, and yet I had a pack of matches in my backpack.
33	0	I bravely engaged in a debate with the leaders of a ''Ground Zero mosque'' protest.
33	1	During a 9/11 ceremony and anti-mosque protests, I stood up for my father's memory and against anti-Islamic hatred and exclusionism.
34	0	I bought a stolen laptop off craigslist, figured out the initial owner, and returned it to her.
34	1	When I went out of my way to get a stolen laptop back to its rightful owners, I was disappointed that they never thanked me.
35	0	The day I started my period I was wearing white pants, and I bled all over them in public.
35	1	When I was taking a walk with friends at age of 13, I was really ashamed to discover blood stains from my period all over my white jeans.
36	0	Guys that had the very same name kept stealing objects I was attached to.
36	1	A friend stole things from me, and now another friend with the same name is also a thief.
37	0	My friends were drugged in Anzio and managed to escape after being driven away in a stranger's car.
37	1	While visiting Anzio, my friends partied with two men at a bar who drugged them and started driving them in the opposite direction of my friend's hotel.
38	0	I walked into my apartment to find my ex-girlfriend with a glass wine and a knife.
38	1	I found my ex in my living room with a knife. I called the police and shat my pants.
38	2	I walked in to my ex-girlfriend in my apartment with a cup of wine and a knife in her hand. I had her arrested.
38	3	My ex-girlfriend was waiting for me in my apartment with a knife four days after we broke up.
39	0	A friend I bailed out of jail tried to launch into an Amway presentation with me.
39	1	My friend pitched to me a scam business proposition, the first time I saw him months after loaning him $1500, instead of talking to me about how he was planning on paying me back.
39	2	I spent over $1500 bailing my friend out after he got arrested, and he never even thanked me.
39	3	After I bailed a friend out of jail, he didn't talk to me for 7 months until he came to my house and gave me an Amway presentation.
40	0	My first night in India I left my bag with my money and passport in it in a busy restaurant in Calcutta.
40	1	I left my bag in a restaurant in Calcutta and a waiter chased me down to give it to me.
41	0	As a child I was almost willingly abducted by an old man in Kmart.
41	1	A man grabbed my hand in a Kmart and tried to kidnap me.
42	0	My neighbor's mom saved me from being kidnapped into a car when I was six.
42	1	Some tried to kidnap me when I was six, but a neighbor's mom grabbed me before they could get me.
43	0	My ex was a pathological liar who sent me into a severe depression and I became physically ill.
43	1	My ex-boyfriend told me that he needed to go fix something, instead of hanging out. It turns out that he had lied, and was at the bar with coworkers. My boyfriend lied to me, claiming that my dog chewed my toothbrush.
44	0	My mom had to pull over because of my diarrhea.
44	1	I used a sign behind the toilet at a gas station as toilet paper.
45	0	I lost my debit card at a Walmart and the customer service people were incompetent but the manager and cashier were very helpful.
45	1	I had a bad experience with the customer service people at Walmart, but the manager and cashier went out of their way to help me.
46	0	I saved my friend's life from a heroin overdose, and she repaid me by hooking up with my boyfriend.
46	1	I saved my best friend's life from a heroin overdose, and then she slept with my boyfriend a month later.
47	0	My girlfriend lied about having a positive pregnancy test using a image she found on Google.
47	1	My girlfriend pretended to be pregnant so that I wouldn't leave her and go to college.
48	0	A creepy kid in my school called me asking for an ex-friends phone number. When I told that friend, she said I was copying another boy's story just so I could talk to her.
48	1	I tried to help a girl by telling her that a creep was trying to hit on her, but she ended up dissing me by saying I had copied my friend's story.
49	0	On a second date my debit card got rejected, my credit card was missing, and my car got towed, so the girl had to pay for everything.
49	1	It was the worst date ever, the girl I was with ended up having to pay for everything.
50	0	An unthankful mom bitched me out after I saved her kid from getting hit by the mall train.
50	1	I grabbed a kid to prevent him from getting run over by a mall-train and his mom bitched at me for touching him.
50	2	I saved a child from getting hit by a mall train. Rather than thanking me, his mother chastised me for touching the boy.
50	3	I grabbed a kid to prevent him from getting run over by the train, and I got bitched out by the kids mom for touching him.
51	0	I chased a bully with a stick until he got hit by a car.
51	1	I started chasing this guy who bullied me, and he ended up running into the middle of an intersection and getting hit by a white SUV.
52	0	I was accidentally racist because I used a Japanese word that sounded like 'nigger,' and a black man was sitting next to me.
52	1	A friend drink some bitter coffee and shouted ''nigga'' because that is the word for bitter in Japanese. A black men was next to me so he thought he should explain, but what he said was ''I hate brack''
52	2	My friend in Japan once tried to explain the meaning of ''nigai'' after he yelled out ''nigga'' to some black people next to him.
52	3	A friend appeared racist because of a language barrier.
53	0	I helped my friend start a new life by offering him a place to live and finding him a new job, and he failed to show any gratitude.
53	1	I'm cynical about helping others ever since I assisted my friend in need in finding a job and letting him stay with me and my wife. The friend was ungrateful and even rude, despite my kindness, and a lot of things in my life fell apart after that.
54	0	An older guy from my sister's church hit on me after finding naked photos I'd posted online.
54	1	This older married guy at my sister's church came onto me because of some beefcake pictures I posted online.
55	0	When some bibleboys came to my front door, I went over to them naked to get them to go away.
55	1	I was in the shower when some bible beaters came to the door. I walked out of the shower fully naked and erect and stared them down, then they left.
56	0	I knew a kid who got tons of money from his parents, and so he acted like the $250 he owed me was no big deal.
56	1	I loaned my wealthy friend a relatively substantial amount of money, and he was slow to pay it back because to him the amount didn't seem substantial.
57	0	Once a gust of wind ripped my car door out of my hand and into the car that I was parked next to.
57	1	My car door slammed into another car door, and the other car's owner wanted to blame me for all the other dents on the car.
58	0	I picked up a lost dog and attempted to bring it to its veterinary office. However, they wouldn't take the dog unless I paid for boarding and flea meds.
58	1	I brought a lost dog to the vet listed on its rabies tag, and then they wouldn't let me leave until I paid the bill even though they had the owner's contact information in their system.
59	0	While riding the night train from Munich to Paris, my friend awoke to a man throwing feces at her in his sleep.
59	1	My friend was on an overnight train and the man in the bunk above her pooped on her.
60	0	While camping we saw a weird looking light appear in the sky.
60	1	A mysterious light appeared in the sky over my tent while camping.
61	0	A potential customer filed a written complaint about me, falsely saying that verbally abused and mislead her.
61	1	After I went out of my way to help a girl, she faxed a written complaint about me to my manager.
62	0	On our second date, a woman asked me how serious our relationship was given that she wanted to have a family immediately. When I didn't respond, she started screaming and stormed out of the restaurant.
62	1	This woman I dated said she'd have kids with me after two dates.
62	2	On a second date the woman whom I was seeing asked me if I was interested in starting a family with her. When I failed to give her a straight answer, she got angry and started yelling.
62	3	As dinner ended on our second date she said she liked me enough to know that I was the one.
63	0	A guy gave my 50 bucks to mow his lawn but someone else did randomly it for free. I felt bad and went to return the money to the guy and he claimed he had paid me 100 bucks and got angry with me.
63	1	Upon returning a neighbor's money for a job which I didn't complete, he falsely accused me of only returning half of the money.
64	0	While working for Walmart, management accused me of stealing when I had found lost purses and phones.
64	1	When I found wallets and purses in the store, I always examined the items for contact information in front of a video camera. This way I could prove I was not committing any wrongdoing.
65	0	Once while I was out a cabbie pulled up next to me and invited me to a party because he had ''won the lottery.'' Months later I realized he had been a serial rapist.
65	1	Once a cabbie told me he'd won the the lottery and asked me if I wanted to party. Later I found out that a serial rapist cab driver was using this same line.
66	0	While driving on a stretch of highway in the Northeast during a snowstorm, I watched a car hit a guardrail and roll into a ditch.
66	1	I saw a car crash where a woman rolled several times and started unconsciously choking on her vomit. My dad and I called the police and rolled her on her side.
67	0	The American military asked to breed a Scandinavian navy dog who had been snuck out of the country with one of their dogs.The breeder thought the American dog was too crazy and didn't send back the offspring to America.
67	1	Once in Sweden, officers sent a German Shepherd police dog out of the country so it wouldn't be put down.
68	0	I lent a guy some money, and afterward he stopped offering me freelance work.
68	1	I loaned my boss money to buy a car. He ended up making a profit from selling the car, and then the stopped offering me work.
68	2	I lent my boss $250 to buy a car, and then he sold it for $2500.
68	3	I lent a boss money for a car, he sold that car for a profit, and then stopped offering me jobs.
69	0	One time my feces reached so far out of the toilet bowl, that they touched my testicles.
69	1	I took such a long dump that it scraped my ballsack.
70	0	Once I shit myself in front of everyone when I was in the Navy.
70	1	I pooped my pants while in the Navy.
71	0	I forgot about a lighter in my pocket and got through security several times with it, even though they confiscated other less threatening things.
71	1	I was able to smuggle a lighter through international security check points multiple times.
72	0	I was verbally harassed by a naked child who was walking alone at dusk.
72	1	I went to go buy some batteries and encountered a naked child in the street who started screaming and cursing at me.
73	0	I dropped an old, empty wallet in a mall to see what would happen. A group of teenagers picked it up and were upset that it was empty.
73	1	I did an experiment by leaving my empty wallet on the ground and seeing who would pick it up. It was funny because a group of black kids found it, were really disappointed that there was nothing in it, but still took the wallet.
73	2	Some teens found my empty wallet and loudly vocalized their disappointment when they discovered that the wallet was empty.
73	3	I left my wallet on the floor in the mall, and a group of black teens acted disappointed that it was empty.
74	0	My friends and I saw some driver's dog go crazy when he pulled over, and we had to get out of there pretty quick.
74	1	While parked on the side of a dark road in the middle of nowhere. A massive unknown object flew past the front of the vehicle.
74	2	My friend pulled over to take a leak and his dog, in the back of the truck, started freaking out. Suddenly a massive figure whizzed by the front of the truck and the dog continued to freak out.
74	3	My friend's dog was so crazy it jumped from the back of the truck into the bed.
75	0	A kind stranger who treated me to a night out, turned out to be a wealthy mobster.
75	1	I had a crazy night in the Hamptons with this mobster guy who payed for my $1200 bar tab.
75	2	I spent a night with a mobster who was rich as fuck. He introduced me to a girl who said she was in a movie, but when I looked it up I realized it was a porn film.
75	3	I spent a night drinking with a mobster and met a porn star.
76	0	I was on my couch looking through the front window when a man with a lighter appeared outside. Then he kicked in the front door, went into the kitchen and grabbed a knife, and ran away when my dad came down the stairs.
76	1	A guy broke into my house when I was a kid.
77	0	My mom thought I was a robber in our own house and called the cops.
77	1	My mom called the police when she thought the noise of me running up the stairs was a robber.
78	0	Once when we were camping this strange guy comes up to us with a big rock, but we all grabbed weapons and he just backed off into the woods.
78	1	While camping, a threatening looking man emerged from the surrounding woods.
79	0	A girl in my History class said that the tossed salad metaphor was better for America because you ''can pick out the things that you don't like.''
79	1	My classmate said something about ''tossed salad'' that everyone took the wrong way.
80	0	My first date was terrible because the girl I took out was, in general, a bad person.
80	1	My first date with a girl ever was a total nightmare.
81	0	While completely high in the convenience store I was walking around with my hand in my back pocket and all of the workers thought I was about to rob the place.
81	1	I went in a convenience store for water during an acid trip and the workers thought I was gonna hold the place up.
82	0	I attempted to return a banana to a woman, after she left it at a checkout counter. Rather than thanking me, the woman said, ''I didn't want the banana you little shit.''
82	1	This lady at 7-11 got mad at me when I tried to bring her the banana she forgot on the counter.
83	0	On the streets of Toronto I found a toy monkey that I had thrown out as a child in a completely different city.
83	1	I randomly saw on the street the exact little toy monkey my and my siblings threw into the garbage years before.
83	2	I crossed paths with a long-ago discarded childhood toy in a far off city.
83	3	My siblings and I threw out my dad's toy monkey. Years later I found the exact same monkey on the side of the road in Toronto.
84	0	After my friend got raped I caught the rapist from behind one night by chance and beat and kicked the shit out of him.
84	1	I beat and robbed a man who raped my friend and at least one other woman.
85	0	My brother and I were chased by a kidnapper.
85	1	My brother and I were chased by a man one night and escaped. This man may have been responsible for the disappearance of a child that same night.
86	0	I grabbed a little girl who was wandering in the road, and her mother and people around us started screaming at me.
86	1	I saved a little girl from getting hit by a car and her mother freaks out that I was trying to touch her daughter innappropriately.
87	0	My dad and I investigated a bear den and the bear decided to leave the den when we were there.
87	1	I went to explore a black bear den with my father, and we soon discovered that the bear was still in its den.
88	0	My ten year old cousin was going to wear a dress identical to my wedding dress to my wedding. I thought this was inappropriate.
88	1	My 10 year old cousin wore a dress exactly like my wedding gown to my wedding. I said something and her mother freaked out at me.
88	2	My cousin wore a dress identical to my wedding gown.
88	3	My 10 year old cousin had the same wedding dress as me, and then my aunt told me it was because I was ruining the idea of marriage for her.
89	0	While crossing an old bridge one night, we passed a man in another car wearing white gloves and an expressionless mask.
89	1	When driving, my friend and I saw a person with an expressionless mask waving a white glove.
90	0	I was caught plagiarizing wikipedia after I wrote a wikipedia page myself.
90	1	I fixed up a Wikipedia page after writing research on the subject, and my professor said I'd plagiarized until I showed him my work.
91	0	An elderly man found my mother's purse at Applebees. He took it home rather than turn it into management because too many of the restaurant's staff were black, so he thought they couldn't be trusted.
91	1	A man found my mom's purse in an Applebees and took it home to Mississippi rather than leave it with black people in the Applebees.
92	0	When I try to do good deeds, it often ends up wasting my time, and I am not shown any gratitude.
92	1	Several times I've done good deeds--helping two kids out of a car accident, trying to reconnect a child with her parents, and returning a lost wallet--and have been blamed for committing a crime.
93	0	After taking her in and helping her get her life straight, she sent an email saying she was disappointed with us, and accusing us of being rotten friends.
93	1	After a woman we went out of way to help was ungrateful, we revised our e-mail response to something really short and sweet.
93	2	My wife and I took in a friend during a rough part of her life, and a few years later we were slow in responding to her messages because we had our own troubles. She freaked out and told us she didn't have time for us, so we told her to have a nice life.
93	3	After helping a friend get her life back together and financially supporting her for a year, she accused my wife and me of being rotten friends after not returning her calls.
94	0	I was living by a religious schizophrenic woman who broke into my house.
94	1	I had a crazy neighbor lady who broke into my apartment one night and stood over my bed. I waited until she left her apartment then I called the cops so they could take her away.
95	0	The best friend my first girlfriend said she left me for turned out to be completely made up out of her schizophrenia.
95	1	My old girlfriend made up that she had a best friend who she was dating and who abused her.
96	0	Smuggling, I came across a castle under siege and I offered all my food to the natives. The king awarded me knighthood and land but cut off my fingers for smuggling.
96	1	Even though I helped Stannis with food, he cut off part of my hand because I am Davos Seaworthy, a smuggler.
96	2	I saved the inhabitants of a castle under siege, yet their leader then shortened my right hand by removing four of my knuckles as punishment for smuggling.
96	3	Even though I offered all of my food, I was still punished for being a smuggler.
97	0	Once when I was playing tennis, my friends and I brought a wandering, injured puppy back to its owners.
97	1	I was exposed to poison ivy while trying to rescue a puppy.
98	0	After my friend started telling me details about his job at Area 51, he disappeared and no one ever heard from him again.
98	1	My grandfather's friend, who was an employee at Area 51, mysteriously disappeared after he spoke about the extraterrestrial affairs happening at Area 51.
99	0	I fled out of my hotel and left the country after defenestrating hotel furniture to hide evidence of a drunken orgy on a student exchange trip to Russia.
99	1	I had a vodka orgy gone wrong during a student exchange trip in Moscow.
99	2	I thew every piece of furniture out of hotel window after an orgy in order to hide the evidence from chaperones. I then quickly got on a bus and left the country without hearing anything about it.
99	3	I threw all the furniture out of a hotel room window to hide evidence of an orgy.
100	0	I got trapped, headfirst, in a big pipe as a kid.
100	1	As I child, I climbed into a pipe head first and got stuck.
101	0	I was wearing a key chain whose links broke apart.
101	1	My key chain with a monkey broke.
102	0	While returning a lost laptop, I was accosted by the owner and other members of her church who claimed that I stole it.
102	1	I found a laptop at a school playground, and when I gave it back to the woman whom it belonged to she accused me of stealing it.
103	0	I got stuck in a water slide, and narrowly missed a collision with my sister.
103	1	I was trying to figure out how to go down a water slide when my sister came barreling at me and almost hit me, but swerved around me.
104	0	I invented several fake online friends as a way to better connect with my peers.
104	1	I made up a bunch of imaginary friends as a teenager, and it got so bad that other people started believing in them and I had to start literally writing them out of my life.
105	0	After getting my wisdom teeth out my mom brought me the Matrix, and after watching some of it I fell asleep. When I woke up eight hours later it was at the same part (because it started over multiple times,  but I was terrified and thought I'd experienced a time lapse.
105	1	I fell unknowingly asleep while watching the Matrix. When I awoke hours later the movie was playing where I left off. Noticing that the sun suddenly seemed to have gone down, I thought I had experienced a glitch in the matrix.
106	0	At an easter egg hunt, the lady wouldn't give me my airplane prize. She gave it to her son instead.
106	1	During an Easter egg hunt, I found an egg which came with a remote control plane. When I went to cash in the egg for my prize, the woman awarding the prizes claimed that the plane was a ''big kid's toy,'' and refused to give it to me.
107	0	I lost part of the toy that my grandmother gave me in the ocean, and then I found it years later.
107	1	I lost a toy octopus in the ocean and found it on the beach three years later.
108	0	I wiped my ass with a sock and stuck it behind the toilet. My mom found it and my parents eventually decided the elderly man living with us must have done it.
108	1	I used a sock as toilet paper and stashed it behind the toilet. My parents interrogated my brothers for nearly an hour in an attempt to identify the culprit. I never claimed responsibility.
109	0	I filled another person's parking meter and the meter maid wrote me a $50 ticket.
109	1	I try to help by feeding all of the meters near me that are expired, but it ended up with me getting arrested.
110	0	While I was working on a wildfire, a huge army operation was going under way in the woods, with a huge aircraft flying over us, and they evacuated us from the scene without explanation.
110	1	While on our way to fight a wildfire, my convoy witnessed some sort of military operation.
110	2	We were heading to fight a fire in Utah when we ended up in a military strike zone and were forced to evacuate.
110	3	I saw a bizarre stealth glider like a bat mobile in Utah, but when I reported it they just sent us away and never told us anything.
111	0	My mother found a Tic Tac on the floor of my room, and accused me of doing drugs.
111	1	My mom found a Tic Tac on my floor and thought I was doing drugs.
112	0	I was going to take an expensive handbag to the lost and found, when the owner saw me and accused me of stealing it.
112	1	I found a handbag in a bathroom stall and was bringing it to the lost and founder when the owner grabbed it from me and blamed me for trying to steal it.
113	0	I had a cheating dream where my girlfriend walked in and a couple days later she mentioned having a dream where she saw me cheating on her.
113	1	My girlfriend and I had the same dream about me cheating on her with my ex.
114	0	I was hooking up with a girl when my ex rolled out of a moving car with a bat and screamed that she was gonna kill the other girl.
114	1	My ex-girlfriend showed up at my house and attempted to attack another girl I had been seeing with a baseball bat.
115	0	Whenever my phone gets misplaced and someone returns it to me, I kindly thank them, as opposed to illogically threatening them.
115	1	When people give me back my wallet or phone, I thank them.
116	0	I was accused of stealing a guy's wallet after finding it and trying to give it back, and then I was fired from my job.
116	1	I tried to return a lost wallet to a customer who accused me of stealing it and then grabbed my hair. We got in a physical fight and I was fired from my job.
117	0	I thought I saw a UFO, but when I examined the picture, I realized it was a weather balloon.
117	1	I look a picture which I believed to be of a UFO; it turned out to be a weather balloon.
118	0	My ex-girlfriend refused to let me ejaculate in the same room with her.
118	1	My ex-girlfriend had strict rules about our interactions.
119	0	I have seen several UFOs with huge bright lights and loud sounds, and I even felt something cold between my legs one night and woke the next morning to see a white ring in the grass outside my house. Maybe I am a UFO contactee.
119	1	I think I'm a UFO witness called a contactee because I've had an abnormally large amount of experiences with UFOS.
120	0	I found a wallet with a bunch of cash in it, and when I returned it the owner didn't even give me a tip.
120	1	I found a wallet with about two thousand dollars in cash. I returned it to the golf club and when the owner retrieved it he didn't tip me or anything.
121	0	I had a pet garden snake. When he died I realized he had fangs and that he was in fact a Green mamba, a very venomous and deadly snake.
121	1	I discovered that my seemingly innocuous baby green garden snake was actually a very venomous green mamba.
121	2	The garden snake my parents bought me for my twelfth birthday turned out to be a baby Green Mamba. I didn't realize it till I found him dead.
121	3	My snake died, and I realized that he had fangs and was a venomous Green Mamba.
122	0	He gave me a cd with a song about he and I getting married, inviting all of our friends to our wedding, killing them, and having sex in their blood.
122	1	I got involved with this weirdo guy who wrote violent songs about me.
123	0	A bunch of my classmates tried to convince me that Tony Hawk wasn't Tony Hawk's real name and they were so persistent that I relented and they pathetically rejoiced.
123	1	My classmates were so dumb I conceded to the lie that Tony Hawk's real name was not actually Tony Hawk.
124	0	I witnessed my childhood friend's dad murdered on our street.
124	1	I feel guilty I witnessed my friend's dad fatally shot on our street one night, but my mom is completely indifferent to the event.
125	0	I accidentally drove a cargo truck over large bump at a high speed.
125	1	I was chugging along in my truck fully loaded when I saw a bump as big as a raised railroad track. I managed to get at least 5 feet of air in that thing.
126	0	My girlfriend's mother was getting married and her fiancee found out that day that his brother had been found dead. My girlfriend and her mother were furious that he wanted to call off the wedding.
126	1	My girlfriend's mother slapped her fiance because he wanted to delay their wedding after learning that his brother had been murdered.
127	0	Once on the road we used the CB to wake up a driver who was waving in and out of lanes. Turns out he was a doctor going upstate to attend a call.
127	1	Once I was driving and saw a car veering between lanes. Over my CB radio I woke up the driver, who was a doctor that had fallen asleep.
128	0	When dealing with patients close to death, any slight movement can cause their death.
128	1	Being a hospice nurse and dealing with so much death has made me insensitive to it.
129	0	I was scared after reading a thread, and then the lightbulbs popped and went out, which made me even more scared.
129	1	I just got scared and reached over to switch on the lamp and the bulb popped. Now I'm afraid to get up.
130	0	While on the beach one day, I witnessed a child slip under the water and nearly drown.
130	1	I saved a small girl from drowning in the ocean.
131	0	I picked up a boy who had fallen at a park and brought him to his mother. The mother started screaming at me and my grandmom, when my little old grandmom cursed her off.
131	1	Once when I was a kid I tried to help a kid who fell down when his mom wasn't paying attention, and she just screamed at me like it was my fault. My grandma told her off and we left the park.
132	0	I saw a satellite stop, shoot off fast and disappear, which makes me believe other encounter stories.
132	1	I saw an object in the sky move in an unusual manner, which lead me to believe it was a UFO.
133	0	I got some horrible diarrhea on a school trip and had to go to the bathroom for hours until finally I got home and couldn't hold it any more and shit all the way from the porch to the toilet.
133	1	I had really bad, explosive diarrhea after eating some chips from a bag that was open. Either some of the kids on the field trip opened my bag of chips and did something to them, or my hands were dirty.
134	0	A woman gets her gas pumped and the clerk is being very strange and keeps asking her into the cash booth. She gets freaked out and drives away, but turns out there was a man behind her front seat with a knife.
134	1	A woman unknowingly had a man with a knife in the back seat of her car.
135	0	My mom thought my car wheel caps were satanic ninja stars.
135	1	My mother mistook my freshly painted wheel caps for ''satanic ninja stars.''
136	0	I dated a girl who took pregnancy tests obsessively. But once she had a heavy period, she assumed that she had miscarried even though then she refused to take a pregnancy test.
136	1	A girl I was dating irrationally believed that she had miscarried, despite evidence to the contrary.
136	2	My girlfriend was obsessed with being pregnant, to the point that after having a heavy period she convinced herself that she had miscarried and told everyone about it. She even named the miscarried baby.
136	3	I dated a girl who mourned a supposed miscarriage, but she wouldn't even confirm the pregnancy with a simple test.
137	0	I returned a man's Blackberry that he left on the bus, he didn't even send me an email to thank me after he received it in the mail.
137	1	I found a guy's phone left on a bus, and the guy had written a Facebook status that a thug had stolen it.
138	0	I grabbed a snake that I thought was a garter snake, and it struck me. Turns out it was a water moccasin.
138	1	I grabbed a snake once and it struck me and then my parents chopped its head off with a shovel.
139	0	I met a woman at a bed and breakfast who told me that the place was full of restless spirits.
139	1	I visited an old manor and there was an eerie spot in the orchard with the grass tamped down. Then a Caribbean cook at the manor told me to avoid that spot.
140	0	I saw a woman shit on a pole in Waukegan, Illinois.
140	1	I saw a woman shitting on an electrical pole.
141	0	My friend's brother likely killed her rapist, after I began prodding into the issue.
141	1	I called a guy asking about a rape of my friend years before, and the guy ended up killing the rapist the week after.
142	0	Some neighbors let their pit bull puppy roam loose around the neighborhood, and then they got angry at me for dropping the dog off at the pound.
142	1	A puppy was in my backyard, I brought it to the pound, and the owners got mad and yelled at me.
143	0	I was a bridesmaid for a crazy woman who, after the wedding, set up fake profiles with my information and lies about me.
143	1	I flew to a foreign country to be my friend's bridesmaid. During the whole trip she behaved badly in general, and treated me badly.
143	2	This woman was more than a bridezilla. After the wedding she sent me insulting emails and then began harassing and threatening my friends and family.
143	3	My family and I have been harassed by a woman angry at me for being ''rude and lazy'' during her wedding.
144	0	I was abducted by my boyfriend after breaking up with him.
144	1	After I broke up with my boyfriend he came to my house and tossed me in the trunk of his car and drove off, eventually getting into a high speed police pursuit.
145	0	I shit a massive log after eating blazin' wings at Buffalo Wild Wings.
145	1	I took a massive shit that was the length of the toilet.
145	2	I shit a massive log after eating some Buffalo Wild Wings.
145	3	I had such a large bowel movement, that the feces left a streak across my testicles.
146	0	My friend Kyle deep throated his mom's dildo.
146	1	My friend found his mom's dildo and I dared him to deep throat-it, which he did. After vomiting, five minutes later he whipped it out and started chewing on it again.
147	0	My mother started screaming that the tapir at the zoo was about to give birth, but it was actually the male tapir showing off its erect penis.
147	1	My mother saw a tapir with a large erection and thought it was a female giving birth.
148	0	I dropped a drumstick and my band-teacher found it in his locked office minutes later.
148	1	I dropped my drum stick, and it turned up in a locked room inexplicably.
149	0	I got in trouble for sticking my tongue out at a little boy.
149	1	I playfully stuck my tongue out at a little boy. His mother chastised me and threatened to call the cops if I did it again.
150	0	I stopped to pee in the bushes, and realized a creepy homeless man was staring at me.
150	1	A homeless man harassed me while I was peeing in the bushes.
150	2	I stopped to pee by some bushes and looked up to see a homeless man staring at me, who claimed he'd been following me for six blocks.
150	3	I was peeing in the bushes when I saw a homeless man who told me we were lovers and that he had been following me.
151	0	My childhood friend succeeded in life, despite incredible odds, yet was senselessly stabbed in a fast food restaurant.
151	1	My friend Chris came from a broken home but worked hard and became a lawyer, only to be stabbed last week in a fast food restaurant.
152	0	My mom got a panic attack from smoking weed she found in my room in the 70s.
152	1	My mother's first experience under the influence of marijuana induced a severe panic attack.
152	2	My mom tried my weed and had a panic attack.
152	3	My tried some of my weed once and had a panic attack.
153	0	A dog was running loose and jumped in the pool, and then his owner blamed me for letting the dog swim.
153	1	I found a dog without a collar and brought it some water and it jumped in the pool with me. Soon after a gaggle of fratstars accused me of throwing their dog in the pool.
154	0	A tumor on my ovary ruptured.
154	1	A tumor on my ovary started to rupture and I vomited on an old lady at Stop and Shop.
155	0	A guy I briefly dated confessed that he was in an intimate relationship with his horse.
155	1	I once dated a guy who was ''in love'' with and having sex with his horse.
156	0	My family was visited by a suspicious door-to-door solicitor, my mother noticed that there were five other men in the solicitor's car. They likely had the intention of robbing us.
156	1	Some guys came to our house claiming to sell 'american-made' products, but my mom thought they were perverts. A few months later they left garbage bags outside our house filled with tampon containers.
157	0	I hated going to this cheesesteak place so I used to put cardboard in my cheesesteaks so my parents thought the restaurant put it there.
157	1	I put cardboard into my family's take out meal multiple times, so that they would stop buying the food from this particular restaurant.
158	0	I posted a story about an ex, and another guy who dated her contacted me to talk about her.
158	1	I posted a true story about my ex online, and a lot of people responded, including someone who told me he knew details that weren't available anywhere else. It turns out he just wanted someone to commiserate with.
159	0	My great-uncle and his friends got in a fight with some men trying to prostitute an 11-year old, and his friends all died.
159	1	I and my friends called some guys out on prostituting an eleven year old girl, and then they beat us so badly that everyone but me died.
160	0	My grandfather decided to not pick up a hitchhiker because he had a bad feeling, and discovered later that the hitchhiker was a fleeing murderer.
160	1	I didn't pick up a suspicious looking hitchhiker, and later learned that the guy was a convicted murderer.
161	0	In Korea, my aunt grabbed the umbrella I used as toilet paper and my shit went flying all over my whole family.
161	1	As a last resort I used an umbrella as toilet paper. Later the umbrella was opened and my feces were flung onto my family.
162	0	I go on a date with this guy, and before we even kiss he starts jacking off and comes all over my hair.
162	1	On a first date, this one guy masturbated and ejaculated on my friend even though she told him not to.
163	0	I work in retail, and I take revenge on the customers who speak down to me by pretending to be dumb so that everything takes longer.
163	1	If retail customers treat me rudely, they get passive aggressive customer service.
164	0	A man came into the ER with hard boiled eggs up his rectum. A woman had a seizure whist giving a man oral sex; they ended up with unusual injuries.
164	1	Two guys came into the hospital, one with a vibrator up his ass and another with hard boiled eggs up his ass.
165	0	Weirdest date I ever went on was with a girl who announced mid-way into it that she was transsexual and then it got kinda awkward.
165	1	I met a girl on OKcupid and found out during our date that she was a transsexual.
165	2	At the end of my date with this girl, she admitted that she was a transsexual.
165	3	I met a girl on OkCupid, and on our first date she revealed that she was transsexual.
166	0	I went berserk in a psych ward as a child and was repeatedly denied escape.
166	1	I acted crazy when I was taken to a psych ward to be evaluated.
167	0	I found a lost IPhone, and while returning it to the owner, I received no gratitude.
167	1	I found a phone and when the owners finally came to pick it up they just asked where the case was then shrugged and walked off.
168	0	My grandmother fed me cat ears to help me with my asthma, and it worked. Years later I visited my grandmother and saw a bunch of cats with their ears cut off.
168	1	My parents made me eat cat ears for my asthma.
169	0	My mom and I saw a real UFO.
169	1	My mom and I saw a saucer shaped object shining in the sky that suddenly vanished.
170	0	I dream that I composed a Lady Gaga song.
170	1	Last night I dreamt that I composed a Lady Gaga song.
170	2	I dreamt that I composed a Lady Gaga song.
170	3	Last night I dreamt I wrote a Lady Gaga song called ''troubled blue.''
171	0	A creepy harmless drunk ineffectually warned us about a malignant family that lived nearby.
171	1	At a party spot by the river a girl went off a rope swing and got really fucked up. Someone had put fishing hooks all over it and it took chunks of flesh out of her leg.
172	0	I was hooking up with a girl and starting texting her jealous ex boyfriend. Then when were out driving and the ex started a car chase with us.
172	1	I antagonized the ex-boyfriend of a girl whom I had hooked up with. This lead to him chasing us around town in a Suburban.
172	2	Both of my girlfriends cheated on me in two different summers, and both broke up with me because I found out.
172	3	I got in a crazy car chase.
173	0	I fell through the roof of a dog house and needed stitches on my testicles.
173	1	I still have a scar on my ball sack from falling through the roof of my doghouse when I was six years old.
174	0	My girlfriend crashed my car into an ATM one night.
174	1	My girlfriend crashed my car into an ATM and left the scene. The cops showed up at my house the next morning and I was the primary suspect.
175	0	A girl showed up drunk to my party and then accused me, my friend, and his dad of raping her.
175	1	A girl accused me, my friend, and his dad of raping her after we let her crash at the friend's house because she showed up to the party black out drunk.
176	0	A friend was playing a show when Kid Rock through his guitar off the roof.
176	1	Kid Rock threw my family heirloom guitar off the roof of a venue, after asking to borrow it.
177	0	My dad once pursued a kid and let him go once he got his jacket. Another time, he pursued a kid who jumped over an edge and my dad let him go.
177	1	While on duty, my father chased a pot head through the woods but stopped after the kid dropped his nice leather jacket, which my dad planned on keeping. My father was in hot pursuit of a juvenile, when the kid soared over the edge of a second story railing and landed in a stuntman roll.
178	0	On our first date I had to leave and ended up getting a flat tire, so it took me forever getting back. When I got back my date was still there waiting, and he had ordered me another drink.
178	1	I met a guy online and we moved in together after a couple months, but now we've decided to not rush into things so much.
179	0	A friend lost her wallet, and I retrieved it later from a store. When I brought the wallet to my friend, she acted like I had staged the entire thing so I could return it to her.
179	1	My friend got all suspicious when I brought her missing wallet to her at work.
180	0	I tried to get back at my teacher for teaching lessons I found boring.
180	1	I made a couple dozen photos of Adolph Hitler looking heroic and glorious my teacher's screensaver.
181	0	My alien abduction dream was the most intense sleep paralysis dream I've ever had.
181	1	I had a sleep paralysis experience which mirrored many alien abduction stories.
181	2	I had a sleep paralysis dream where I was abducted by aliens.
181	3	I once had an episode of sleep paralysis where I dreamt that I was being abducted my aliens.
182	0	While I was working cleaning up fire-damaged properties we found a dead woman in a chest who had been killed by a drifter staying in her house.
182	1	The missing body of the murdered old woman was found in a chest, by her sister.
183	0	I was accidentally racist as a bartender.
183	1	I wrote BL Guy on a check for an African American that ordered a Bud Lite, and didn't realize until after I gave him the check that he might read it differently.
184	0	A kid who was bullied at lunch farted on his crackers which other kids stole.
184	1	A kid who was being picked on in school, put semen on his cracker to get back at the classmates who stole his food.
185	0	Once I got a bunch of trouble for trying to return a stolen wallet to the police station.
185	1	I attempted to return a lost wallet to a police station; turning it in was a time consuming ordeal not worth my time.
186	0	My wedding coordinator criticized my preferences during the planning phase of the wedding, then on the day of the wedding she failed to do her job.
186	1	My mother-in-law hired a a wedding planner who was both extremely critical and incompetent. She even tried to steal our paper lanterns after criticizing our decorations.
187	0	A bee landed on my finger at a car show.
187	1	I said ''look at that crazy thing,''  referring to a bee landing on my finger, but everyone assumed I was referring to the black, armless midget standing in front of me.
188	0	My ex-roommates turned all my friends against me.
188	1	Even after leaving our apartment my friend still owes me money on the rent, but he's calling me the bad guy and turning my friends against me.
189	0	I planned the death of my mother because she was abusive, but I didn't go through with it.
189	1	When I told my friend about the awful situation with my abusive mother, I ended up moving in with her family.
190	0	I returned a lost watch I found and then got accused of trying to steal it.
190	1	I found a lady's $1000 Concord watch lying in a parking lot, and after I turned it in I was accused of stealing it.
190	2	I found an expensive watch, turned it over to the police, and the detectives accused me of stealing it after I checked in on it later.
190	3	I found a valuable watch and turned it over to the police. The cop who collected the watch from me kept it for himself.
191	0	The whole glass saw my giant snot tent when I sneezed during a seventh grade Spanish test.
191	1	I sneezed loudly in class, and sprayed my snot onto the desk.
192	0	I had a vision my father walked through my bedroom window.
192	1	My dad visited me in the night as a ghostly presence.
193	0	My job as an EMT in Vegas is thankless work.
193	1	I'm an emt in Vegas, and I never get any thanks.
194	0	In a dream my dead grandfather told my grandmother to collect his remains before the Berlin wall went up, and he also told her not to take a plane which ended up crashing.
194	1	My Grandmother had premonitions from her deceased brother twice regarding unforeseen future events.
195	0	The girl freaked out on drugs tried to blame my friend for giving drugs to her, but the club video tapes showed she was actually the one who tried to drug him.
195	1	A girl tried to accuse my friend of drugging her, but when the police investigated they found out that she in fact had tried to drug him and then had taken the drugs herself.
195	2	A girl we were hanging out with started to freak out in the middle of the street, crying and screaming that my friend had given her drugs and accusing him of being a date rapist.
195	3	A girl at my college accused my friend of drugging her. Security tapes revealed that she attempted to drug him, and intentionally drugged herself.
196	0	I'm mad I gave away my chance to be part of this dolphin show at the aquarium.
196	1	I reluctantly gave up an opportunity to pet a dolphin, so that a little girl could take my place.
197	0	My friend Hayden found my Reddit username.
197	1	I got a lot of reddit karma from a ''ha'' and now my friend makes fun of me.
198	0	I was driving at night and saw a deer on its hind legs with two black pits for eyes.
198	1	While driving late one night, I saw a terrifying non-human figure on the side of the road.
199	0	My boyfriend was thinking of a buying an expensive kilt, and when I asked him when he would wear it, he said when we got married.
199	1	My boyfriend justified buying an expensive kilt by planning to wear it to our wedding.
200	0	My friend and I woke up on the side of the road with no memory of having stopped driving.
200	1	My friend and I were driving at night listening to loud music and suddenly I wake up and am pulled over to the side of the road, both of us had been sleeping.
201	0	I tried to help a woman in the airport by offering to let her board early, but she started laughing and looked offended.
201	1	I tried to offer my ticket to a lady so she could board the plane early. She refused and had to have her bag checked.
202	0	My wife stayed calm on our wedding day despite the allergic reaction to shrimp at our reception.
202	1	On our wedding day my wife was completely chill and optimistic throughout a series of bad fortunes, such as her breaking out in hives from shrimp.
203	0	I sold my friend my bike at a low price as a kind gesture, and he sold my old bike and used the money to buy a better one.
203	1	I felt bad for my friend so I gave him my bike for only $20, then he sold it and bought a nicer one the next week.
204	0	I dropped a piece of popcorn and it made a ''pop'' noise, but then I couldn't find it on the ground. A year later, in the same spot, I heard the same ''pop'' sound and found a freshly popped kernel on the ground.
204	1	I have inexplicably lost dropped food on the floor of my living room, and other times inexplicably found food on the floor in my living room.
205	0	The guy who I loaned my car to couldn't be bothered to tell me that my car broke down, and couldn't even be bothered to make a note of where he'd left it.
205	1	My roommate loaned his car to a guy who abandoned it on the side of the road when it broke down.
206	0	As a child, I wore revealing ripped pants to school unknowingly.
206	1	Even though I'd thrown them in the garbage previously, I ended up wearing a pair of school uniform pants with a huge hole in them and the whole class saw when we stood for the Pledge of Allegiance.
206	2	I tore my school uniform pants along the butt-crack, and I threw them out. My mom, not noticing the tear, put them out for me to wear the next day, and all the kids in school saw my butt.
206	3	I ripped my pants during recess one day, and my mom put them back in my closet, so I wore them to school again the next day.
207	0	My girlfriend told me she had cancer, but one day I caught her in school when she said she was supposed to be in chemo. She told me her hair fell out but they sewed it together and put it back on her head.
207	1	My high school girlfriend pretended to have cancer.
208	0	I pooped a 6-8 inch turd out of my pants and onto the living room floor.
208	1	I tried to make it to the bathroom but pooped in the middle of our living room.
209	0	I shit in front of the entrance of the public restroom because I didn't want to walk inside barefoot.
209	1	As a child I had to defecate at the beach but couldn't find a bathroom, so I defecated in the water. Later I finished defecating in front of a public restroom.
210	0	I experienced 'deja vu' in third grade while being punished.
210	1	When I was in the hallway, a boy walked out of class and went downstairs, then twenty seconds later he did the same thing.
210	2	I had a Matrix deja vu moment with my neighbor Tad in school.
210	3	I experienced very vivid deja vu moment in third grade.
211	0	My partner and I were taking care of some screaming kids who were in a car crash when our supervisor passed by us and decided to move on.
211	1	I ended up in the car with the children of a mother arrested for DUI, and they were not well-behaved. Our supervisor rolled by, saw us, and drove away without a word.
212	0	I helped a girl who was smashed get home, but everyone thought I did sexual things to her.
212	1	I was accused of taking sexual advantage of a drunken girl after I made sure she got home safely.
213	0	My friend lost his phone and then someone in our group accused the guy who found it of stealing. Then the guy who found the phone said my friend could find it at the bottom of the Rideau Canal.
213	1	While my friend was making arrangements with a good samaritan to pick up his lost phone, another friend grabbed the phone and yelled at the good samaritan, ''You fucking thief! When I find you I'm go[ing] kick your ass..''
214	0	My neighbors and I witnessed a terrifying red and white flying object.
214	1	He gave me a cd with a song about he and I getting married, inviting all of our friends to our wedding, killing them, and having sex in their blood.
215	0	My wife is not a bridezilla.
215	1	My fiance is not a bridezilla.
216	0	I created a false identity as a female on a popular online game, and ended up becoming famous among the other frequent players.
216	1	I pretended to be a girl on an online game, and it went so far that people believed that I was real and were fans, so I had to stop.
217	0	A disabled girl explained that her disability was caused by cancer. When asked by another student, what particular type of cancer had caused her disability, she responded, '' leukemia, have you heard of it?'' I mistakenly thought she was joking, so I burst out laughing.
217	1	I ended up laughing about leukemia by accident.
218	0	Two boys hear their mother calling them from downstairs, but when they leave their rooms their mother grabs them and tells them she hears the voice as well.
218	1	The two kids start walking towards the stairs, when their mom appears in a crevasse in the wall.
219	0	My ex-girlfriend bit my penis hard while giving me a bj.
219	1	I didn't spend the day with my girlfriend so she bit my penis during a blowjob.
220	0	I had serious stomach problems while chaperoning a church trip, and ended up going in my pants.
220	1	When I was in high school I went on a trip where I didn't make it to the bathroom and I ruined my pants.
220	2	I soiled my pants in a public bathroom whilst chaperoning a group of students.
220	3	I went the bathroom in my pants 15 feet from the bathroom door.
221	0	I woman whom I had seen in my dreams years prior, saved my life.
221	1	I had a recurring dream about a stranger who ended up saving my life.
222	0	The first time I got high, a girl asked me if I said I was really high, and I thought she might be able to read minds, but my friend had just told her that I was high.
222	1	I was really high on Halloween night and had a bunch of girls come into my room.
223	0	At my church I was carrying a food tray upstairs when someone wanted to buy something from it, so I stopped and waited for them to go get money. The lady in charge yelled at me because she thought I was being lazy and slow about carrying the tray.
223	1	I was yelled at for standing with a tray of food, but I was actually just waiting for a woman with a family to get money from her husband to buy it.
224	0	My teacher wouldn't listen to me when I said I was sick, and I ended up vomiting all over the carpet floor.
224	1	My teacher ignored my requests to go to the bathroom, so I vomited on the floor.
225	0	My uncle pretended to be pushing his truck up the hill to joke about it being so slow.
225	1	My great uncle had his little brother drive his truck while he got out of the cab and pretended to push it up the hill, so that when his friend passed it looked like he was pushing the truck on his own.
226	0	I gave my step sister some Monopoly money and my step mom thought I was stealing it.
226	1	I attempted to increase my sister's chances of winning a board game, however my step-mother misinterpreted my actions as cheating to beat my sister.
226	2	Whenever I played any games with my step sister I would win and my step mother would accuse me of cheating.
226	3	When I tried to let my step sister win at Monopoly, my step mother took it as evidence I was cheating, so she beat me even more than usual that night.
227	0	I peed my pants while high because I was trying to make a serious face in the mirror.
227	1	A friend of mine peed her pants while trying to make serious faces in the mirror.
228	0	I was talking to my roommate in bed at nighttime when suddenly it was daytime and my roommate was gone.
228	1	While having an conversation with my friend one night, my awareness abruptly skipped to the next day, and I had no memory of the rest of the night.
229	0	A neighbor's dogs repeatedly escaped their yard and came into ours. Upon returning the dogs for the third time, the owner's daughter asked me to, ''please stop stealing our dogs!''
229	1	The neighbor's chihuahua kept running away and ending up in our backyard.
230	0	While on his honeymoon, my dad's cousin broke up a fight between two guys, and afterwards one of the guys stabbed him and killed him.
230	1	My dad's cousin broke up a fight and was stabbed in the back by one of the men.
231	0	I rescued a dog who had been hit by a car, but when I got to school I was still counted as tardy.
231	1	I saw a dog hit by a car on the freeway and I drove him to the vet and paid for his medical care.
232	0	I gave my classic 1970's car away to the teenage son of my parents friends, and he sold it and bought a Honda.
232	1	I regretted giving my first car away when I learned my parents' friends quickly sold it to buy their son a different car.
233	0	Without knowing it, I had sex with a married woman at a party.
233	1	I met a girl at a party and had sex with her, and when we returned to the party it turned out she was married with a kid.
234	0	I took a shower with a girl while drunk, and I ended up losing my virginity.
234	1	I lost my virginity to a girl while wearing superman boxes.
235	0	I was embarrassed that my teacher knew that I had stuffed a bag of green peppers down my pants, so I wore the same outfit the next day so that she could see that the pants were just like that, regardless of the peppers.
235	1	After being horrified that my teacher discovered my secret, that I stuffed green peppers down my pants, I decided to trick her by wearing the same clothes the next day.  I hoped that she would see that my clothes had always looked this way, proving that I had not stuffed green peppers down my pants.
236	0	I got court-martialed while trying to emotionally comfort a suicidal comrade.
236	1	I invited a navy friend over to my place who seemed suicidal. The cops came and I was charged with minor in possession of alcohol, and while he and I sat in the drunk tank he confessed he was suicidal.
237	0	My brother's wife derisively called me ''Barbie'' at her wedding, and then I had to stand over a cold floor vent blowing up my skirt for the entire ceremony.
237	1	When I was my sister-in-law's bridesmaid, she yelled at my mom and I for being fifteen minutes late to our make-up appointment, then when I didn't leave enough room for the other bridesmaids at the alter, I was yelled at for the entire reception.
238	0	I tried some trees and I felt out of control and hated it.
238	1	I tried some trees and it made me panicked and miserable.
239	0	I tried to help a girl at a bar who looked like she'd been roofied, but when I talked to the people at the bar they laughed at me, and when I brought her to the cops they interrogated me like I was the one who drugged her.
239	1	I found a girl in a bar who appeared to have been drugged. No one at the bar, nor the cops seemed to care about the girl's plight.
240	0	On a truck stop with my dad, I accidentally invited a prostitute into our truck.
240	1	I was sleeping at a truck stop when a woman asked if I wanted some company. I figured she was homeless and told her to come in, but turns out she was a prostitute.
241	0	My younger brother tried to embarrass me by telling other people that I wet the bed, so I got back at him by peeing on him during the night so my family would think he was also a bed-wetter.
241	1	I framed my brother for my bed-wetting problem by peeing on him.
242	0	Once someone somehow discovered my real name behind my username, despite the fact that I hadn't included any identifying information in my posts.
242	1	I didn't tell anyone my username or have any pictures of my face on my account, but someone still messaged me my full name and link to my Facebook account, which really creeped me out.
243	0	While sleep walking, I urinated on myself and cried.
243	1	One of the most shameful experiences I've had was a vivid dream where I pissed on myself.
244	0	After witnessing a terrible truck driving accident on the road, my dad gets really worked up about how other drivers need to allow more breaking time for trucks in road trains.
244	1	A man rolled his car. It caught fire, and he burned to death while conscious.
245	0	Girls were playing tag blindfolded in a horse pen when a horse kicked a girl and split her head open.
245	1	I went to get help because a girl had been kicked by a horse while she and a group of girls at the place where I ride horses had played a game of blind-folded tag. The other girls were mad at me from that time on because they thought that I'd told on them, and they did everything to make me suffer at the horse stables.
246	0	I saw my friend's girl at a kissing booth and I handed her twenty bucks.
246	1	My friend mistook his girlfriend for another girl at a party.
247	0	A dentist who always creeped me out molested a child under anesthesia and photographed it.
247	1	I was always uncomfortable around my dentist, and my feelings were spot on; while I was still his patient he was charged with child pornography.
247	2	A dentist whom I had always found creepy was charged with child molestation.
247	3	I got a weird feeling from my dentist and so I kicked and screamed for my dad to not leave me alone with him. Two weeks later, it's on the news that my dentist had been charged with making child pornography with kids he molested under anesthesia.
248	0	I loaded a pokeball with a wasp and when I let it out it stung my best friend three times.
248	1	I unleashed a wasp during show and tell.
249	0	The second my friend stopped telling the ghost story about the burning building, we turned the corner where the building was and it was actually on fire.
249	1	Cops tried to blame me for starting a fire when I was the first to report it.
250	0	Once I also had a situation where someone tried to scam me into giving more money than I owed, for a tiny bit of damage to their car.
250	1	I backed into a women's car, making a small dent in the door. She sent me a repair estimate which included the repair of every little dent and chip on her car.
251	0	On our date he tried to kiss me and I literally just panicked and said ''Maybe try this again when I am drunker?''
251	1	The first time my boyfriend kissed me, I went stiff as a board and made an ''eep'' sound.
252	0	While on the way to the bathroom in the middle of the night, I accidentally entered my sister's room instead of the bathroom, and proceeded to pee all over her feet.
252	1	I peed on my sister's feet while sleepwalking.
253	0	I'm not a dealer but once I sold weed to my ex-boss and now I have a Class D Felony on my record forever.
253	1	I sold marijuana once, and I was arrested and charged with a felony a year later.
253	2	I tried to do my friend a favor by selling him weed for his back problems, but I ended up being charged with a felony for it.
253	3	I sold weed to my boss and was arrested for distributing marijuana.
254	0	I got my daughter's hamster out from under the stove by tempting it with a carrot tied to a piece of string.
254	1	My husband coaxed our pet hamster out from under the stove with a carrot on a string.
255	0	After doing research, I realized my baby mamba was actually a black mamba, despite its green color.
255	1	Surprisingly, my little Salazar was probably a young black mamba, not a green mamba as I previously thought.
256	0	I threw off a serial rapist who was trying to approach my neighbor late at night, preventing the girl from becoming his next victim.
256	1	I was outside having a cigarette when a creepy man knocked on my neighbor's door, and I made loud noises so he would know I was there. The neighbor and I went to the police later and it turned out that the man was a serial rapist.
257	0	While alone at a bar I got roofied, and a large man said to me ''you'll feel pain tonight.''
257	1	I went to a bar and was roofied.
258	0	Even though it was just candy and not drugs, my friend got in trouble when her mom found a plastic baggie of Smarties after a dance party in their basement.
258	1	As a teenager, I jokingly handed out Smarties out of a plastic bag at a party. My friend's mom later found the bag of Smarties, and was angry that I even joked about drugs.
259	0	I snuck into my friend's mom's bedroom, stole her sex toys, panties, and bras, ran home and jerked off with them.
259	1	I stole my friend's MILF mom's panties and bras because they turned me on so much.
260	0	There was a TV show with some creepy dolls and disturbing images, and perhaps it was just all in our imagination as we watched static TV.
260	1	I asked my mother about a show I vividly remember watching as a child, and she said that I would just sit and watch static for 30 minutes.
261	0	When I was young, a man creepily stared and smiled at my junk in a public bathroom.
261	1	As I started peeing a guy came in, walked to the urinal and just watched me without peeing with a creepy smile on his face.
261	2	Once when I was 12 or 13, this creepy guy at McDonalds just watched and smiled when I peed at a urinal.
261	3	As a child, a man stared at me while I was urinating in a public bathroom.
262	0	We tried to do a good thing by telling the jewelry store that their display cases were unlocked, but they still accused us of stealing.
262	1	My friend and I discovered an unlocked jewelry store display case, when we reported it to the manager she asked us accusingly if we had stolen anything.
263	0	I tried to help a boy who had fallen over at the skating rink, but when his mom saw me she accused me of knocking him over.
263	1	I attempted to help a child who had fallen down. His mother responded by yelling at me.
264	0	I was playing a card game at a party which requires you to say a word beginning with first initial of the card number. I got a 9 and called out ''NIGGER.''
264	1	I yelled ''nigger'' in the middle of a party, as part of a card game.
265	0	In a school newspaper article joking wrote, ''the chupacabra opposes immigration reform,'' failing to realize this is would offend my Latino classmates.
265	1	When brainstorming ideas for a halloween story I suggested ''Chupacabra opposes immigration reform,'' because I had in my head the mythological creature Chupacabra that spans Mexico and the U.S. I hadn't realized that the Latinos in the room would think I meant the Chupacabra people.
266	0	My husband almost drowned when we went canoeing.
266	1	My husband and I capsized on a lake, and after I went to get help, I found him clinging to the canoe.
267	0	TigerDirect handled my co-worker's customer service issue terribly.
267	1	I got a second copy of Microsoft Office without ordering it, but when I tried to send it back they accused me of stealing and said I had to pay the shipping charges. Now I'll use Newegg instead.
268	0	While on a first date I pooped on my pants and leg.
268	1	I met a girl online and pooped myself a little bit during our first date.
269	0	My friend made a bunch of crazy demands for her wedding and I went to my boyfriend's Tough Mudder competition instead.
269	1	My friend was a true bridezilla at her wedding, and we haven't been friends since.
270	0	I saw a bride screaming ''who the fuck abandons their bride on their wedding night?'' when the groom went down to a bar down the street with friends.
270	1	A groom left his bride on their wedding night to go to the bar with some friends.
271	0	I successfully smuggled my pet rat through airport security.
271	1	I smuggled a rat on an airplane by hiding her in my hoodie pocket.
272	0	In Mexico, my mom took a gun a from my uncle, put it in her luggage, forgot about it, and brought it back over the border to the U.S.
272	1	My mother accidentally smuggled a handgun from Mexico into the U.S.
272	2	My mom hid my uncle's gun in her luggage in Mexico, and smuggled it out of the country without realizing it.
272	3	My mom accidentally smuggled a handgun onto a plane.
273	0	I held a door for a lady and she told someone on the phone that I had rudely ran around her.
273	1	I ran my mouth off at this rude woman at Best Buy.
274	0	I left a message on my friend's answering machine, which included an extra thirty seconds of me talking to an unknown woman. I have no memory of having such a conversation.
274	1	Once my friend got a random voice message from a guy who sounded just like me but wasn't.
275	0	I got so high on mushrooms that I trapped a mentally ill child in my closet and didn't realize it. I lied to the police and said I had found him wandering around, and received $1000 for returning him to his parents.
275	1	While under the influence of mushrooms, a young man had a dream that he had found a ''leprechaun'' and stuffed it in his closet. When he woke up the next morning, he found a mentally challenged child in his closet, which the night before, he thought was the leprechaun.
275	2	My friends took a bunch of mushrooms and the next day they found a little mentally challenged young boy in the closet.
275	3	A friend's roommate did some mushrooms and abducted a child he thought was a leprechaun. My friend and the roommate turned the kid over to the police and received a $1000 reward.
276	0	An old woman was hit by a guy on a scooter, and when I tried to help her she accused me of being the one who hit her.
276	1	An elderly lady was hit by a man with a scooter, and when another man tried to help her she assumed he was the one who hit her and pressed charges against him.
277	0	I was having a chair fight in a high school cafeteria when a chair hit and broke open a vending machine. My friends and I raided the machine even though a supervisor was yelling at us.
277	1	During one of our bi-weekly cafeteria chair fights, I threw  chair at the candy and chip vending machine and the plexiglass popped out.
278	0	I narrowly avoided arrest whist underage driving, merely because the cop misunderstood that I don't have a license.
278	1	Before I actually had my driver's license, a cop pulled me over and let me off without realizing I was not a licensed driver.
278	2	I got stopped by a cop while driving without a license, but he let me go.
278	3	I took my dad's car while I still only had a permit and got pulled over by a cop.
279	0	My friend accused me of being unsupportive after I protested that he wasn't paying back the $500 loan he still owed me.
279	1	I gave a friend $500 and he agreed to pay it back, but then he sent me a check from a closed account.
280	0	A barista at Starbucks was rude to me, so I cheated Starbucks out of hundreds of drinks by stealing a stamp and free drink stamp cards.
280	1	A Starbucks clerk treated me poorly so I stole an official stamp from the counter and stamped hundreds of Starbucks cards for free coffee.
280	2	After a guy at a Starbucks lost it on me, I stole their stamp and proceeded to stamp hundreds of cards so that no one in my office had to pay for coffee.
280	3	I got kicked out of Starbucks by the rudest barista ever. So a couple weeks later, I stole the official Starbucks stamp off the counter and got everyone I knew free coffee.
281	0	I drove over a dog in the street, but it wasn't badly injured and the owner was found.
281	1	I accidentally ran over a little white dog in the middle of the road because it was winter and I thought it was snow.
282	0	I climbed onto a shed on a dare and feel through the roof.
282	1	A girl teased me into embarrassing myself at a party, but I banged her later that night.
283	0	I helped my friend buy a motor for his truck, and he sold the truck without ever paying me back or including me.
283	1	My buddy never paid me back for the motor I bought him.
284	0	I was over a friend's house smoking weed when he started masturbating in front of me. I made an escape but forgot my keys, had to return inside and run away from his chasing me while masturbating.
284	1	Once a guy I smoked weed with masturbated and chased me.
284	2	While high, my friend attempted to masturbate at me. I alluded him, but forgot my keys during my escape; I was forced to face him a second time to retrieve my keys.
284	3	I got high with a gay friend of mine who started masturbating and shot a stream of cum at me.
285	0	I accidentally went to a gay orgy.
285	1	I went with two gay friends to a nude hot tub party and turns out it was a gay orgy.
286	0	A woman wouldn't let my pregnant manager touch her lingerie because she thought she would get pregnant herself if she did. Then the woman insisted that I, as a boy, touch it to make things better.
286	1	A crazy customer at Victorias Secret thought she could get pregnant by touching a woman who had been pregnant, so she needed me (the only guy there) to fold her clothes.
287	0	I accidentally opened a letter that was wrongly placed in my mailbox. Upon realizing the mistake, I attempted to give the letter to the correct recipient, and instead of showing gratitude, she reprimanded me for opening the letter.
287	1	I opened a letter in my mailbox that was sent to the wrong address. I handed it over to the proper recipient and she yelled at me for opening her mail.
288	0	I worked for a tent company setting up for a woman's wedding, and she was a bitch and didn't give us water or food the entire day.
288	1	My crew set up a tent for a wedding in the summer heat, which took all day. We were promised food and drinks, but we received nothing.
289	0	I saved a woman from falling backwards down an escalator, and she accused me of sexually assaulting her.
289	1	A girl on the escalator accused me of assaulting her.
289	2	I saved a girl on an escalator when she fell backwards, and then she accused me of assaulting her.
289	3	I saved a girl who fell backwards on an escalator and she accused me of assaulting her.
290	0	The cursed photo of the girl killed Tom.
290	1	A boy found a picture of a girl that no one recognized, and the picture became causally connected to his death by leading him into the street to be hit by a car.
291	0	I made some posts on reddit about my partner's suicidal behavior and a friend read the post and recognized it was me.
291	1	My friend identified some of my Reddit posts about my suicidal SO at the time, and I was kind of relieved that I ended up getting to confide in him about the situation.
291	2	I posted online about being suicidal, and my friend saw it and knew it was me.
291	3	My friend identified my anonymous Reddit posts about depression.
292	0	My friend and I found a creepy chair sitting facing out of the only window in the attic of an old abandoned house.
292	1	When my friends and I explored this old, abandoned house we found an old chair in the attic facing the roller rink.
293	0	My former foster brother tied me up, punched me in the face and stole from me.
293	1	A friend I had who was in foster care attacked me with a knife, completely out of the blue.
294	0	I confused two clients at the register for being mother and daughter, but they were just two separate customers.
294	1	A woman accused me of being racist for assuming that she and the woman next to her were together since both women were Asian.
295	0	My stepfather always acted like I was hurting his son, even when I was trying to protect him. Once I grabbed his hand away before my stepfather unknowingly crushed his fingers in the doorframe, and he still blamed me.
295	1	I got yelled at by my stepdad for saving my half-brother's fingers from getting smashed.
296	0	My girlfriend got a creepy phone call from my workplace late one night.
296	1	Someone called my girlfriend at 3am from the basement where I worked and repeated her name over and over again.
297	0	One drunk evening, a girl and her friend sat outside for awhile on the front steps of the house they were staying at. The next day they learned a man from a hit and run had been lying just a few feet away from them, dying, without them knowing.
297	1	My girlfriend unknowingly sat next to a dying man one dark night.
298	0	My EMT friend saw a man and woman attached from vagina to ass by a coke bottle.
298	1	I found them naked, with a coke bottle stuck between her vagina and his ass.
298	2	EMTs were called to a scene in which a couple was having sex using a coke bottle, they were found naked and attached from her vagina to his ass by the coke bottle.
298	3	A couple got a coke bottle shoved in both his ass and her vagina.
299	0	My roommate freaked out at me for not picking him up from work when I had the flu.
299	1	I used to give my roommate rides to and from work for almost no money, and he had the nerve to scold me for not picking him up one night when I had the flu.
300	0	I was thrown to the ground by the cops because they thought I'd bought weed off a kid, even though I was just giving him money for food.
300	1	I gave a hungry guy money for food; moments later, I got tackled by the police who thought they had witnessed a drug deal.
301	0	My roommate found a laptop in a bathroom and put in our room with the intention of turning it in later. But the cops came by and took him to the police station, thinking that he'd stolen it.
301	1	My roommate found a laptop and kept it in our room until he could give it to the Residence Advisor, but the cops accused him of stealing it and put him in an interrogation room.
301	2	My roommate got interrogated by the police for finding someone's laptop in our dorm.
301	3	My roommate was taken to the police station and interrogated because he found a laptop in our dormitory bathroom, and had not had a chance to return it before classes that morning.
302	0	I put a girl's freshly painted art piece in the sink with the tap running as revenge for copying me.
302	1	A girl copied my bird painting so I put her painting in the sink.
303	0	Trucking in the oil field, I see a lot of crazy sights.
303	1	I've seen a lot of extreme accidents while trucking for two years in an oilfield.
303	2	I've been working on an oilfield for two years now, and have seen and been a part of a lot of risky scenarios.
303	3	I've seen some shit as a trucker in the oilfield.
304	0	I vented after a breakup and hit rock bottom, but I'm doing better now.
304	1	I wrote about my breakup, and my ex found showed my writing to all her friends.
305	0	I walked through airport security with a used, sticky grinder in my front pocket.
305	1	I tried really hard to hide my marijuana going through security at the airport, then I realized I'd kept my grinder in the front pocket of my t-shirt.
306	0	This girl vomited in my car.
306	1	I and three friends brought a cat back to its owner who said he would give us a reward, but only if we came inside his house. We probably would have been killed in there if two of us hadn't waited outside.
307	0	My friends and I took a ride on a fairly deserted back road and this strange red light followed us.
307	1	A flying object shined a bright red light into my friend's car and followed us for a few miles.
308	0	In a guestbook at work, I mentally scoffed at whoever had been signing in as ''Jesus.'' The individual whom I had assumed to be a religious nut, was actually the building's Latin American cleaner.
308	1	When I saw ''Jesus'' signing in the guest book everyday at 3:15, I thought it was a religious nut but it was just a Latin American guy.
309	0	When I was a lifeguard, I was involved in a lawsuit after injuring a boy whist administering CPR.
309	1	Once I got sued for the injuries of a kid I gave CPR to at the pool, but I ended up winning $5000 in the counter-suit for defamation.
310	0	I robbed an awful old mother drug dealer at gun point.
310	1	I went to rob a drug dealer at gun point and met her 7 year old son in the house, so after I robbed her I also called child services.
310	2	I robbed a drug dealer because I thought she was a bad mother and was trying to rip me off.
310	3	I robbed an old lady drug dealer at gunpoint.
311	0	Both of my girlfriends cheated on me in the summer, and both broke up with me because I found out.
311	1	I've had two girlfriends in college and I've broken up with both of them in the summer after they started seeing other guys.
312	0	While sleepwalking I urinated on my sister's headboard, soaking her pillow with pee.
312	1	I accidentally sleep-peed on my sister in bed.
313	0	A girl accused me of stealing her wallet when she left it out at a bar patio.
313	1	I found a wallet in a bar patio, and when I found the owner she screamed at me for taking her wallet.
314	0	A woman who thought I had died stole my office supplies, and the look on her face when she saw me alive was priceless.
314	1	A lady kept stealing my 3-hole punch at my office. Then a man who looked like me hung himself, people thought that it was me who had died, and that lady, thinking I had died, stole my 3-hole punch again only to be very shocked when I showed up to take it back.
315	0	I saw parents at the grocery store buy beer, coke and cigarettes instead of dinner for their kids.
315	1	This mom in need wouldn't accept the chicken nuggets I bought for her family.
316	0	Someone recognized my nude photo on reddit.
316	1	An individual, whom I know from outside the internet, recognized me in some naked pictures I posed online.
317	0	After taking too much medicine I was constipated for a month. Once they gave me three enemas I ended up shitting all over the walls and ceiling.
317	1	I soiled a hospital bathroom so badly, that a janitor quit his job to avoid cleaning it.
318	0	We helped our roommate get a good job, buy a house and move out, but then she she accused me of abusing her children and we lost the house we were renting because of her.
318	1	We helped a woman out by giving her and her kids a place to live, and she ended up getting us kicked out of the house we were renting.
319	0	In elementary school we wrote a petition to get our substitute teacher removed from our class, and it worked.
319	1	My elementary school class signed a petition and successfully had a bad substitute teacher removed from our class.
320	0	I went to my car during a party to get my sleeping bag, and after a flash of lightning a man appeared in the street. All he said was ''I just love thunder and lightning storms, don't you?''
320	1	I saw a middle-aged man standing in the middle of the road in the middle of a thunder and lightning storm.
321	0	The highlight of my grandmother's sermon after she found out I was gay was to say ''I don't believe you're actually a homosexual. If you're telling me you are, and refuse to be wrong, then I will go out in the back yard, get a large stick, shove it up your asshole, and you can tell me how much you enjoy it. ''
321	1	My parents and my grandma denied that I was actually gay.
322	0	I saw a man who had such long nose hairs that he was able to fashion them into the shape of a mustache.
322	1	I saw a guy whose mustache turned out to be his nose hairs.
323	0	I tried to pick the lock on the candy machine in my friend's apartment building, but he ended up breaking through it with his fist.
323	1	My friends and I succeeded in stealing a bunch of snacks from a vending machine.
324	0	My ex-girlfriend got arrested and had to go to court because she threw a french fry out the window, which hit another car.
324	1	My girlfriend and I crashed the car.
325	0	"I had a boyfriend who cheated on me with women, men, and transsexuals from Craigslist."
326	0	I went to pay for a customer's items myself and my boss thought I was stealing money from the register.
326	1	I got fired from a gift shop for trying to pay for a customer's item.
326	2	My boss fired me and accused me of stealing money from the cash register, when I was really paying a customer's bill out of my own funds.
326	3	I tried to do an old lady a favor by buying her stuff from the giftshop, as she had no money. My boss caught me with the register open trying to put my money in it and accused me of stealing money before firing me.
327	0	I attempted to return a woman's lost purse, and she stormed into my house and accused me of stealing it.
327	1	A girl came in drunk accusing me of stealing her purse, even though I had found it and tried to give it back to her.
328	0	I found a man in my apartment one night who said he'd been living there when I wasn't home. I let him stay with me for four months until he got a job and moved across the street.
328	1	Once I let a guy who was living in my apartment stay because he was homeless.
329	0	I accidentally made a racist comment at my friend's high school graduation by saying that some people behind me ''sounded like a bunch of monkeys,'' and then realizing that they were actually black.
329	1	I made an unintentionally racist comment, about a black family sounding like monkeys.
330	0	My mother found a voice mail recording of my grandmother and I laughing; I have no memory of making the recording.
330	1	There was an answering machine message of my grandmother and me laughing for minutes on end when that never happened in real life.
331	0	Once the road was closed because someone was trying to jump off a bridge, and the truckers waiting to get through almost pushed him off and had to be held back by the police.
331	1	My transport manager father has told me stories about locals taking alcohol from a truck accident scene and drivers who were ready to push off a jumper on a bridge who was holding up traffic.
332	0	As a police officer, I and several other officers had to take extreme measures to take down a man who was high on PCP.
332	1	A man on PCP was standing in the middle of the street with a broadsword, and it took ten cops to arrest him.
333	0	When I was a kid I carried around my drawing of a cobra, and my Sunday school teacher sent me home early because of it.
333	1	I used to carry around a drawing of a cobra that once terrified my teacher and got me out of school early.
334	0	I threw a blue snow cone at the girl that I liked.
334	1	I blew my chances with my almost-first girlfriend at camp when I threw a snow cone at her.
335	0	I was going down into the subway when a homeless lady dropped her suitcases. I gathered them up to help her and she slapped me in the face.
335	1	A homeless woman in New York City slapped me after I tried to help her, and no one even stopped to check out what was happening.
336	0	I posted a story of my ex-girlfriend who had passed away, and it got onto social media and everyone figured out that it was me who had written the story.
336	1	After the death of my ex-girlfriend, I wrote an anonymous story about us on social media which received way more attention than I had expected. People began to portray me as if I was her true love, which wasn't true since she was in a new relationship.
337	0	I returned a phone to a neighbor, and he did not thank me.
337	1	I returned a phone to a kid who didn't thank me.
338	0	A man shared the same reoccurring dream as his sister for several years about a lizard-faced man who would say, ''give me your soul.''
338	1	A friend of a friend's dad was haunted by a hooded lizard man during his teen years, and then he found out this happened to his sister as well.
338	2	When I was young a guy with a lizard face used to visit me and tell me to give him my soul. Later when I finally confessed, my sister said that the same thing had happened to her.
338	3	When Steve's dad was a kid, he was threatened by a strange lizard man wearing a hood, and that's why he made my friend take the Limp Bizkit poster down.
339	0	I returned a lost purse to a woman, who then invited me over to pray, when a man started preaching about the apocalypse.
339	1	My mom and I met some bizarrely religious people who said that the end of the world was coming.
340	0	I had to take a shit in a litter box, but instead I failed and fell in.
340	1	I attempted to poop in a litterbox, failed and fell in.
341	0	Most do the worst thing, and look upon the object in the person's hands.
341	1	I describe the urban legend of ''The Holder of the End.''
342	0	A female lifeguard saved two kids at the pool, and the mother smacked her across the face.
342	1	A lifeguard saved two kids and a mother smacked her across the face.
343	0	When I put a really personal post on reddit, not one person responded.
343	1	I posted a question on Reddit, which I was nervous to post because of its personal nature and I was worried people would be rough. No one replied.
344	0	A man started chasing me one night on my way home from the bus stop.
344	1	After an immigrant guy followed me after I got off the bus, I stopped at a neighbor's house to ask for help. The guy ended up being a redneck who pulled up behind the immigrant guy and screamed profanities at him while acting like he was going to run him over.
345	0	As a child I was experienced insest and sexual abuse. I soon began to abuse other children sexually. I would have slit the throat of one of my classmates, if people had not walked nearby.
345	1	I was molested as a kid, and later as a teenager I planned to kill my father by poison and this dick at school by cutting his throat. I almost killed the kid at school but got scared and left, and now I'm better.
346	0	I saw a figure walking around on a haunted fourth floor in Taiwan.
346	1	I was in an elevator that was programmed to never go to the 4th floor. But it stopped at the fourth floor, which was completely abandoned, and dark figure started walking towards me until I got the elevator door to close.
347	0	I watched my friend's dad wipe up my urine from the floor.
347	1	I pissed in a friend's garage and then watched his dad clean it up with a single paper towel.
348	0	I took pens from this ''story topper's'' desk and hid them in the bathroom.
348	1	I got back at my coworker by stealing pens and stuff from her desk.
349	0	While playing ''crack the Egg'' on a trampoline, my knee hit my mouth and slit my frenulum under my top lip.
349	1	I've had weird stuff happen to all three of my frenulums.
350	0	I realized there was an old creepy guy following my family after seeing him in an old home video.
350	1	An old guy creepily stared at me once in a parking lot, and years later I saw video of my family at Yellowstone with the same guy staring at me there.
351	0	A lot of people who pretended to be my best friend actually ended up hating me, and I have no idea why.
351	1	I had a friend who said she was going to kill herself, then made friends with the cool kids and ditched me.
352	0	Someone accused me of stealing their iPhone after I found it, so I tested him by asking him questions, and when he couldn't answer I destroyed the phone.
352	1	The guy whose phone I found called me a liar and a thief.
353	0	I get made fun of because my name is Justin Bieber.
353	1	A young girl was excited about a Justin Bieber t-shirt and her dad seemed like a real jerk about it, until he told me his name is Justin Bieber.
354	0	A cruel work colleague got what was coming to her when she tried to make trouble for me but didn't know I was already quitting anyway.
354	1	I told off a work colleague who was bossing around the office, and she couldn't do anything about it because I was leaving the job anyway in a month.
355	0	My boyfriend's grandfather sent him a graduation card with no money. His mother didn't write his name down for a thank you note (since he didn't send money), but then said she GUESSED she would send a thank you because the grandfather had agreed to help pay for his college tuition.
355	1	My boyfriend's parents made resentful remarks when his wealth grandfather did not send money in his graduation card, despite the fact that his grandfather is helping to pay for his education.
356	0	I tried to help my friend during his wedding, but all he did the whole time was treat me rudely and then at the end he told me I was a terrible guest.
356	1	I was a groomsmen for an aggressive, incompetent, and unappreciative wedding party.
357	0	I attacked my sister's stalker ex-boyfriend with a bat so he would leave her alone for good.
357	1	I hit my sister's crazy ex-boyfriend with an aluminum baseball bat.
357	2	My friends and I beat up my sister's ex-boyfriend and his car.
357	3	I damaged a kid's car and hit him in the legs with a baseball bat because he verbally abused and stalked my sister.
358	0	I befriended a new kid in the neighborhood, and after a few years we grew apart. One day his new friends commented that he used to be ''weird'' two years ago when he was friends with me. He laughed and agreed with them.
358	1	I felt left out when I overheard all the kids on the bus laughing at how weird my friend Jack used to be in fourth grade, which was the time when he and I were good friends.
359	0	Our architecture program at Northeastern is special.
359	1	The pavement outside our architecture building is covered with spray paint because they don't know how to use tarp.
359	2	The pavement outside of the architecture building at my university is covered with spray paint ironically, due to the workers failing to understand how to use a tarp when painting the buildings.
359	3	They were stupid enough to not use a tarp when painting the buildings at my architecture school, so the pavement is covered with spray-paint.
360	0	As a child I used stuffed animals to masturbate, which resulted in extreme skin irritation on my penis.
360	1	My penis swelled and began to itch because I rubbed it in between my stuffed animals.
361	0	I don't lend out expensive things, except to really close friends.
361	1	I won't lend anyone my car as a favor, unless they're a close friend.
362	0	A bride freaked out about what I'd done to her hair on her wedding day, but when her mom came in she said it looked beautiful, paid me, and dragged her daughter out.
362	1	I had a customer who wanted a funky hair style for her wedding then changed her mind and wanted a classic style. She freaked out at me but it was too late to change her hair.
363	0	When a manager harassed me and my coworker for not cleaning enough before closing, we purposefully stayed extra late to clean every single speck of dust until it was 2am and the manager gave up and wanted to go home. He never bothered us about it again.
363	1	While working at Best Buy, my manager made me stay after closing longer than necessary to clean. My co-worker and I got revenge by cleaning for several hours more, making our manager wait several hours for us before being able to go home.
364	0	I framed this other girl as the culprit throwing out sandwiches in first grade.
364	1	In first grade I used to throw my salami sandwiches in a ball cart. Another girl was accused and I let her take the fall.
365	0	Once my girlfriend dragged me out of bed to sleep somewhere else when all she really wanted was to give a blowjob.
365	1	My girlfriend subvertly offered me oral sex by asking if I was tired, but I took her question literally.
366	0	The wind was blowing so hard on trailers one night, it sounded like howling.
366	1	After being frightened by shrill howl, I was surprised to discover the source of the sound was only the wind.
367	0	I had a girl who likes my boyfriend take a picture of us.
367	1	I made a girl who had a crush on my boyfriend take a cute couples photo of me and my boyfriend in our Halloween costumes as a means of enforcing the message that he is taken.
367	2	I wanted this girl on my boyfriend's hall to realize that he had a girlfriend, so I asked her to take a couple-y photo of us.
367	3	When this girl was crushing on my boyfriend, I asked her to take a bunch of couple photos of us.
368	0	A little girl got hit by a truck and people were too scared they would face legal charges if they helped her so she eventually died.
368	1	Because of a case in Shanghai, in which good samaritans were forced to pay a portion of an injured women's medical bills, a little girl was hit by a truck in another province and twenty people walked by without helping the girl out of fear that they would also be forced to pay for her medical bills.
369	0	When I was five, I tried to give a homeless man bread but he just screamed at me.
369	1	My mom and I tried to give a homeless guy bread and he tried to spit on me.
370	0	I farted myself awake during school, and I never flirted with the blonde or redhead in my class again.
370	1	I farted loudly while asleep in class, and awoke to my own fart.
370	2	I farted really loudly after falling asleep in class.
370	3	I flirted with two girls before a class, then farted in the middle of the class.
371	0	My brother's wife was adamant that she only wanted family of the groom whom she had already met to attend the wedding. Unfairly, the number of guests in attendance on the bride's side of the family ended up being over ten times the number of guests from the groom's family.
371	1	My brother's first wife invited 65 people from her family and 6 people from our family to their wedding.
372	0	The first time I masturbated it was by blowing myself.
372	1	The first time I masturbated it was autofellatio.
373	0	Two people from the U.K. set up a fake profile of a real-life girl. Then they chatted with my friend through that profile, collected tons of information about his life, and mapped it in intricate detail in a book.
373	1	The girl my friend Andrew met through MySpace turned out to be completely made up.
374	0	This crazy girl I used to talk to made me feel like I was crazy for pointing out how she always talked to her ex.
374	1	My romantic interest found a comment I had posted on an advice forum regarding an issue with our relationship. This started an argument which resulted in our breakup.
375	0	My boyfriend's landlord heard sex noises from our apartment, and he waited until I was obviously finished to knock on the door for rent money.
375	1	My boyfriend's landlord is my French teacher from high school and one time he heard me having sex with my boyfriend very loudly.
376	0	Once at a hotel a crazy couple followed me, my mom and my brothers around the entire day.
376	1	On a family trip to Toronto, this strange couple stalked my mom and us kids.
377	0	We brought a cat back to its owner who said he would give us a reward, but only if we came inside his house. We probably would have been killed in there if two of us hadn't waited outside.
377	1	In middle school this suspicious neighbor tried to lure us into his house to give us reward money for finding his lost cat.
378	0	I found my cousin on a porn website and I still watch her.
378	1	I found my cousin on a porn site, and started regularly watching her.
378	2	I watch my cousin's porno web cam.
378	3	I discovered that my cousin is a camgirl, and I watch her content regularly despite the fact that she is my cousin.
379	0	A boyfriend on a lot of meds completely trashed my apartment, and then blamed the whole thing on me for being away at my best friend's wedding.
379	1	When I was away for four days at my best friend's wedding my boyfriend had a complete meltdown and blamed me for it.
380	0	Standing in line, I saw someone who I thought was a very ugly woman. When the person turned around, it was actually Steven Tyler.
380	1	I saw this woman with awful hair at the Apple Store and realized it was actually Steven Tyler.
381	0	My uncle set off a German air raid siren.
381	1	My uncle accidentally set off a still active German air raid siren.
382	0	My mom and her friend were abducted by aliens as kids, and now her friend, who has been abducted many times since, has a regular relationship with the aliens, who tell her about her future and about ''the truth.''
382	1	My mom and her friend Lisa saw a light on a roof once. Years later, Lisa claims she's been frequently abducted by aliens.
383	0	A girl asked me to formal just to get her boyfriend jealous and she used my money for their tickets, and the boyfriend threatened to beat me up.
383	1	A classmate who had just broken up with her boyfriend, asked me to be her date for the Winter Formal. This gesture turned out to only be a means of making her ex-boyfriend jealous, and make him come back to her.
384	0	I gave my friend the heimlich, and then his entire family ridiculed me.
384	1	I saved my friend's life and his family ridiculed me.
385	0	A friend's cat ran away and I remembered a story about that cat getting stuck in a local barbecue restaurant before. Then his cat returned and actually had been stuck in a barbecue restaurant, but there is no record of him ever telling me about the previous time or that there was a barbecue restaurant near him.
385	1	My friend didn't remember (or ignored) that his cat had previously run away and hidden in a barbecue restaurant, even though it happened again.
386	0	I skipped the gym to clean the house and my husband looked at me with disgust and called me fat.
386	1	I cleaned the house and cooked dinner instead of going to the gym one day. When I told my husband that I had cleaned instead of going to the gym, he looked at me with disgust and told me that I was fat.
387	0	I got a guy drunk so I could take back the money he owed me.
387	1	My friend borrowed money from me, and when he wouldn't give it back I got him drunk at a strip club and took the money from his wallet (with interest).
388	0	I went shopping with my brother and couldn't find him. When he returned I screamed at him for a while, until he showed me that he'd been buying me a videogame.
388	1	My brother surprised me with a video game.
388	2	I screamed at my twin brother for disappearing for a few minutes, but then it turned out he had been buying me a video game that I wanted as a surprise.
388	3	After screaming at my brother for wasting my time by disappearing at the store, it turns out that he was buying me a surprise gift.
389	0	My uncle was picked up while hitchhiking by John Wayne Gacy.
389	1	As a young man, my uncle came close to becoming the victim of the notorious serial killer John Wayne Gacy while hitchhiking.
390	0	I jumped in the middle of a fight to try and defend my friend, and I was the only one who got an assault charge.
390	1	I tried to defend my friend during a fight and got an assault charge which has ruined my life.
390	2	I jumped into a fight to defend my friend, and recieved assault charges which put my life on hold.
390	3	I tried to defend my friend in a fight, but I was the only one charged for assault. Now I'm facing a warrant for my arrest because someone lost all my paperwork.
391	0	I was suspended for punching a girl who was bullying my sister in the face.
391	1	No one bullied my sister again after I punched a mean girl in the face for teasing her.
392	0	As I watched a flock of seagulls begin to eat some spicy Cheetos, I remarked that it would be funny if the seagulls suddenly realized that their meal was spicy. Shorty after, my prediction came true.
392	1	A bunch of seagulls started eating flaming hot cheetos only to plunge their beaks in water a minute later, realizing how hot those things were.
393	0	I ended up inside a crazy man's apartment, though I would never have suspected it. I have no idea how I made it out alive.
393	1	I met a man on Coney Island to trade video games, and he lived in an apartment with no furniture or appliances but three grand pianos, a ballroom chandelier, and lots of pudding cups.
394	0	My roommate was a pig who partied everyday and never cleaned. When I brought it up to her she slapped me in the face and broke my versace glasses.
394	1	I had a roommate once who had parties all the time and never cleaned up, and we got evicted on a noise complaint. When I tried to talk about the mess, she slapped me in the face and broke my Versace glasses.
394	2	I had roommate issues with this girl who was serving a house arrest sentence.
394	3	I invited a friend who was in need to live with me, she was messy and loud.
395	0	I saw a pen fall from a desk and stop mid-air.
395	1	My friend dropped a pen, and during its descent, the pen seemed to pause in the the air for a moment.
396	0	A hitchhiker attacked me with a knife and I grabbed the knife and killed him.
396	1	I killed a hitchhiker who tried to attack me.
397	0	My sister-in-law was furious about a wedding picture ''ruined'' because of me kissing a family friend on the cheek.
397	1	At my older brother's wedding my sister in law got mad because I was kissing a family friend on the cheek in one of the wedding photos.
398	0	I dated a girl who worked as a nurse and stole from dying people.
398	1	I dated a nurse assistant who was stealing from the dying people that she was assisting.
399	0	I saw a lone horse trotting down the New Jersey turnpike at 3:00 AM.
399	1	I once saw a horse trotting down the interstate.
400	0	Even I became a bridezilla when my caterer called me the day before the wedding to inform me that glassware and chairs were my responsibility, not his. The next day, the glassware for my party consisted of red solo cups.
400	1	The caterer for my wedding who insisted that his services were all inclusive, called me a week before my wedding to ask if I had found a rental company to supply glassware and chairs.
401	0	I saw a four year old go into the Disney store, put toys into his backpack and walk out.
401	1	A four year old was stealing stuff and misbehaving in my store, and when his mom came in she accused us of treating black people badly.
402	0	While dunk I slashed a guy across his neck with a pocket knife.
402	1	I got in a fight with some friends and slashed across a guy's neck with a knife. The state charged me with attempted manslaughter and I went to prison.
403	0	I stopped having a recurring nightmare after I stood up to the woman haunting my in my dreams.
403	1	I had a recurring nightmare as a child. The dream stopped occuring after I faced my fears and swung my fist at a character in the dream, rather than run away.
